Previously on
Dexter: New Blood...
All I know is.
there are multiple injuries.
and Harrison is involved.
She said you told her
something about a
proposed school shooting.
Angela. I think you need
to take a look at this.
It's a kill list.
The stab wound
doesn't match
the story he told Angela.
Something's off.
She has a young baby
who is in the fucking room
when she dies.
How fucked-up is that kid now?
Am I right?
Yeah. I just want to give
a shout-out to Harrison
for saving all our asses.
Hey. stud. I. uh.
got you a little something
for keeping our town safe.
Wow. that's some. like. real
Carrie from Homeland shit.
He just stabbed me.
I know.
Then why are you
interrogating me?
Do you think that he
attacked someone in the woods.
or do you think his dad
is covering for him?
I just need bus fare.
Matt is staying at a hotel
in New York. Run his cards.
Maybe we're a little
bit hero and a little bit...
...I don't know. monster.
Ethan's telling the truth.
This wound wasn't made
by a hunting knife.
Harrison brought his own weapon
to school that day.
He has my Dark Passenger.
ominous music
Do you think he remembers?
He can't.
You did.
When asshole drug dealers
with chain saws
dismembered your mother
inside a shipping container
while you sloshed around
in her blood.
You remembered.
That was different.
He's your child. Dexter.
He's of your flesh and blood.
I want to help him
the right way.
Whatever it takes
to keep him from--
Becoming me?
What Harry did to you
was child abuse.
Teaching you to become
a serial killer.
and how to get away with it?
Look where the fuck
that got us.
If anyone can guide him
through this. it's me.
Maybe that's why he found me.
Maybe that's why he's here.
You cannot tell him
who you are.
It's like giving him permission.
Every day I walk around
this world faking it.
Knowing if someone. if anyone
knew the truth about me.
they'd throw me in the deepest.
darkest pit they could find.
It's so fucking lonely.
But Harrison. he doesn't
have to live that way.
If I could just be honest...
What are you gonna tell him?
There are a hundred
garbage bags
with chopped up
human beings
at the bottom of
the Atlantic Ocean?!
What the fuck do you think
that would do to him?
He'd turn out worse than you.
and you are a fucking monster!
Ah. Huh?
You're shitting me. right?
Eh. I shit you not.
Stay as long as you like.
Meals included.
Oh...
I have to say I'm actually
a pretty good cook.
Can you actually be this nice?
Oh. well. you know.
I've been lucky in life.
you know.
to have more than I need.
And it wasn't always like that.
so. you know.
I remember what
that's like. too.
Look. it just would have
sat here empty otherwise. right?
And...
what do you want
from me?
I just ask humbly
that you pay it forward.
There a shower in there?
Yeah. And a Jacuzzi tub.
Oh. yeah. I am definitely
paying it forward.
Thank you so much.
My pleasure. Really.
Yeah. I could fucking die
and go to heaven.
Credit card reports
for Matt Caldwell came in.
And?
Just like Kurt said.
that motherfucker was held up
at the Gramercy Suites
the last three nights.
Damn it.
What?
No dead guy. no podcast.
I mean yay. he's alive.
Wait. so he's been eating
five-star room service
while I've had half the town
freezing their asses off
searching for him?
I knew the guy was an asshole.
but this is
an all-new level.
Yeah.
I've got half a mind
to drive to the city
and see Matt Caldwell
face-to-face.
I'm down.
Seriously?
Yeah.
Cue up the Taylor Swift.
Let's roll.
At least this way
we can put it to bed.
Finally get some closure.
And this would have
nothing to do with you
ambushing Matt
to salvage your podcast?
Speaking of closure.
maybe now is a good time
to mention
that I've met someone new.
Online. We've only exchanged
a few messages.
He's a flat-earther.
but it's very serious.
You know. actually.
it is great timing.
There's a missing persons
conference in the city
I wanted to go to
this weekend.
Oh. my God. that's perfect.
Maybe we can get some hints
on this
Bermuda Triangle you have here.
Problem is. there's no way the
county would approve the cost.
Well. I can expense it. Done.
Logan. you can watch
the station. right?
Road trip!
Thank God. No offense.
but this town was
getting me a little
claustrophobic.
You asked for it.
Dad. you wouldn't believe
what happened in school today.
There was this big assembly.
and everyone was. like.
cheering for me.
It was crazy.
You went through my stuff.
We need to talk.
I only carry that
for protection.
Protection?
From what?
I-I was on my own
for a long time.
Sleeping in the streets.
People do weird shit.
The first time I got robbed.
they took everything.
The next time. I was ready.
Okay.
So why'd you take it to school?
I'm not judging you. I just
want to know the truth.
I heard Ethan's side
of the story.
It's a hell of a lot different
than yours.
What the fuck?
You believe some
psycho school shooter over me?
What do you think I did?
Say it.
If you did hurt him...
...on purpose...
...you can tell me.
The rest of this town thinks
I'm a fucking hero.
and my own dad thinks I'm what?
A liar? An animal?
No. I think you're a kid.
I think you're
going through something
that maybe you don't understand.
I just want to help you.
Harrison. you can trust me.
Why the fuck would I trust you?
You're the one living a lie...
Jim.
What the fuck are you
doing here?
Dude.
Fuck you. man.
You were fucking right.
We're dicks. All of us.
Now come on.
What do you say. huh?
Give the bully a hug. Huh?
Yo. we're gonna be late.
For what?
There's a fucking party
tonight. bro.
You're the guest of honor.
Now get in. let's go.
Huh?
Give me a beer.
Come on. let's go.
Get in.
Hey. Mom.
Harrison's hanging out with Zach
and those guys tonight.
Is it cool if I meet them?
It's a school night.
It's Friday.
Oh. come on. I'll make sure
she's home by eleven.
Absolutely. Eleven.
Nya:weh. hakso:t.
You're welcome. keya:de'.
It's fine.
Harrison's a good kid.
Everyone's talking about
what he did for the school.
You keep too short a leash
on them.
you could lose 'em for good.
We'll be back by Sunday morning.
Nya:weh. Miriam.
I think you're crazy
We do this daily
Might think of something...
What the fuck?
Welcome to the kill list party.
Written invitation only.
There ain't nothin'
that could ever...
Everybody in here is alive
because of you.
Hey. yo!
There's no way we could unfeel
the way we feelin'...
Let's fucking party!
Somebody get this motherfucker
a drink!
Hey. Tess.
My phone's dying.
Do you mind?
That's what it's there for.
I'll take a Jameson. neat.
No IPA tonight?
I'm in the mood
for something stronger.
Where's Angela?
Uh. she's down in Manhattan
at some police conference.
How's your boy?
All the kids are pretty shaken
up after what happened.
He's been better.
I know Harrison's
the big hero.
and he did the right thing.
but it still can't be easy
knowing you hurt
another human being.
Or maybe it was too easy.
You know. sometimes I feel
out of my depth.
It's okay to ask for help.
There's a therapist
over in Fort Drum.
I had a student
a couple years ago.
He helped her.
Maybe he could help Harrison.
You know. if there's things
he's not ready to
talk to his dad about.
Yeah. okay.
Cool.
Dr. Morris.
Thanks. Tess.
No problem.
Come on. let's have
a party. huh?
Come on. you guys.
What's with him?
He gets like this
every couple months.
Walks in here
like he owns the place.
That same song.
Always that same fucking song.
As I walk along I wonder
What went wrong
with our love
A love that was so strong
And as I still walk on
I think of the things
we've done together
While our hearts
were young...
Wait for it.
He's gonna come ask me to dance
in four. three. two...
Tears are falling
and I feel the pain
Wishing you were
Here by me
To end this misery
Hey. Jim.
And I wonder
I wo-wo-wo-wo-wonder
Why. why. why. why. why.
why she ran away...
Look at him.
His son reduced to ashes.
and there he is.
dancing like he doesn't have
a care in the world.
My little runaway...
Either he's crazy. or I am.
I'm-a spend this holiday
locked in
My body got rid
of them toxins
SportsCenter Top Ten
I could put the ball
in the end zone
Put a bad bitch
in the friend zone
This shit sound
like an intro
Jetson. give me
that tempo...
You came.
Couldn't miss my chance to see
the hometown hero in the flesh.
What?
You barely text me back anymore.
Sorry.
Was it the podcast I sent?
I mean. I get it.
Maybe not everyone thinks
serial killers are funny.
I-I. um... I liked it.
You know. some-sometimes
you got to laugh
at the fucked-up stuff. right?
I mean. look around.
Chug. chug. Oh!
None of them would
be here without you.
You don't know that.
Yes. we do.
How does it feel to have
that kind of power?
Life or death.
How... how did they
get his list?
I don't know.
Maybe someone has access
to her mom's police station?
Hey. Audz. get your ass
over here.
What's up. dude?
Hi.
Find you later?
Yeah.
Me and the Cardinals
are sharing a section
Got to cherish the present
I'm drinking water
and wearing protection
Got a career
and I'm very invested
Some people call it
a scary obsession...
Harrison... my hero.
You saved my fucking life.
There's. um. just one rule here.
No phones.
What happens here stays here.
And I have a little
present for you.
It's ecstasy.
Just hopped in...
We're all two pills deep
already.
Catch up.
Just joshin'. I'm-a spend
this holiday locked in
My body got rid
of them toxins
SportsCenter Top Ten...
Turn the music up.
gimme room. room
This is how I boom. boom. pow.
got a lot of style
Turn the music up.
gimme room
Bad chick and you know it
Got a lot of dough.
and tonight I'm gonna show it
Tonight I'm gonna throw it
This is for the good girls
in the house
I'm gonna blow it.
if you want to start somethin'
Let's get it poppin'.
when I'm shoppin'
Gimme room.
I'm high like zoom
This is Versace.
not Fruit of the Loom
Boom. boom. pow.
got a lot of style
Turn the music up.
gimme room. room
This is how I boom. boom. pow.
got a lot of style
Turn the music up.
gimme room. room
This is how I boom. boom. pow.
got a lot of style
Turn the music up.
gimme room. room
This is how I boom. boom. pow.
got a lot of style
Turn the music up.
gimme room
Tightly
Harrison!
Strung
You're the next heat wave
I dare you.
Gone insane
Carve an "H" right here.
So I'll always remember my hero.
Oh. I guess
I understand it
Long lost
But I can grasp it...
Fuck. Fuck.
Holy shit!
Fuck.
Are you okay?!
Oh. it hurts.
Fuck. Fuck.
Are you good?
Yeah.
Yo.
Thank God you put that fat fuck
in the hospital.
Yo. I'm gonna get laid
tonight. bro.
Hey-hey!
Guest of fucking honor.
Having fun?
What's up?
You need a pick-me-up. man.
You make everything
feel fine
Worried
'bout those comments
I'm way too numb. yeah
It's on me.
I get those goose bumps
every time
Hey.
Throw that to the side
You okay?
Me?
I'm great.
I'm a fucking hero.
Didn't you hear?
Hey. You're off the rails.
Come on.
let's go get some water.
You know my dad
doesn't believe me?
Meaning?
He thinks I'm a liar.
He's the fucking liar.
What are you talking about?
You know his real name's
not even Jim Lindsay?
Okay. Come on. Come with me.
You believe me. right?
Yeah. I believe you.
Why are you the only person here
who understands me?
Harrison! Harrison!
Oh. my God. Harrison.
Harrison. Wake up.
Wake up. Wake up. Harrison.
Oh. my God.
Harrison. wake up!
Fuck. Scott!
What the fuck?!
What was in that fucking pill?
Oh. fuck.
Whoa!
What happened?
I don't know.
911. What's your emergency?
Harrison. Harrison.
Stay with me.
Harrison.
Jesus Christ.
Okay. hey. hey. hey.
take it slow.
Take it easy.
Is he okay?
Is he gonna be all right?
You did the right thing.
Just a few more minutes. and...
Easy. Easy.
Okay. hey. hey.
The Narcan I gave you
will make you woozy.
Hey. Do you know where you are
right now?
I'm at a party...
at-at the lake.
Mm-hmm.
I'm-I'm fine.
Everyone can relax.
You need to tell me
what you took.
Did you give him the drugs?
Coach...
No. I'm not your coach
right now.
Tell me what you gave him.
or I'm putting you in cuffs
this fucking second.
All right.
What is this?
Just Oxy.
A bunch of us took them.
Everyone else was fine.
Right now you're going to jail.
possession
with the intent to distribute.
unless you want to tell me
exactly where you got
those drugs from.
pulsing. dramatic music
Law enforcement
found your son OD'd.
approximately 10 p.m.
Administered Narcan.
Patient regained consciousness.
Preliminary tests show
the drug your son OD'd on
was fentanyl. a much stronger.
cheaper substitute
for opioids like OxyContin.
Black market pills
are unregulated. homemade.
Sometimes even one pill
can contain a lethal dose.
Your son's lucky.
I'll be right back. okay?
Apparently.
Scott's brother got the pills
from a street dealer.
We're gonna find him.
In Iron Lake?
No. Moose Creek.
Some guy selling fake Oxy
out of a dive bar.
But you know who it is.
So far we just have
a first name: Miles.
Harrison's a great kid.
but what he needs right now
is some...
some tough love.
Yeah. thanks for the advice.
Oh. Harrison
could've died tonight.
Only by the grace of God
and Audrey's quick thinking
is he getting a second chance.
and so are you.
Just back off. Logan.
With all due respect. Jim...
no.
You think being
the assistant wrestling coach
makes you a parenting expert?
You have no fucking idea.
He could have died.
You call yourself his father?
You didn't even know
where the fuck he was.
Look at what you've done to him.
This is all your fault!
You're gonna start seeing
a therapist.
Besides therapy. you'll go
two places: home and school.
You got that?
Everybody took those pills.
I don't care about anyone else.
I care about you.
Yeah. Okay.
Whatever you say.
Yeah. whatever you say.
Like that's ever gonna happen.
Sir!
intriguing music
dramatic orchestral music
I mean.
you got to hand it to the guy.
If you're gonna go into hiding.
this is the place to do it.
Hmm.
Wait. hang on just a second.
Emergency already?
It's barely 7 a.m.
Uh. yeah. I just want
to be the one to tell you.
Oh. God. what's-what's wrong?
Is Audrey okay?
Audrey's fine.
Um. but there was a party
last night.
and some kids were doing drugs.
Harrison OD'd.
What?!
H-He's okay now.
Jim's all over it.
But. listen...
Audrey was there. too.
She was the one who called us.
She was the voice of reason.
Totally sober.
Without her. this whole thing
might've gone sideways.
Well. I'm coming home.
Angela. she's safe.
She's fine.
Oh. come on. Is there just a way
you can check for me real quick?
It's not a big deal. Right?
It's against protocol to give
out any guest's information.
Chief Bishop.
Iron Lake PD.
We need to speak
with a Matthew Caldwell.
Can you confirm
that he's a guest here?
Well. the guest
you're inquiring about
checked out last night.
Hmm.
Well...
what about security footage?
'Cause I need
visual confirmation
that he was actually here.
I can't give you access to that.
It would be an invasion
of the guest's privacy.
Oh. I see.
Okay. well. I'll just have NYPD
issue a warrant.
Get a couple of my buddies
down here before breakfast.
I'm sure
a cavalcade of cops
hanging out
in your nice lobby
wouldn't spook the guests.
I'll have the I.T. guys
pull the footage.
Come back tonight.
Thank you.
You are a badass and I like it.
You gonna be okay here
on your own?
Doctor said I'm fine. I'm fine.
First appointment
with the therapist
is this afternoon. right?
Yup.
We're gonna get through this.
Yeah. Okay.
suspenseful music
Hmm. dogs barking at me.
Still got it.
Don't.
Dr. Patel?
Yeah!
Back here!
Uh. my goat hurt his leg.
Hasn't slept in days.
I was hoping to get something
to give him for the pain.
Oh. sure. There's
some ketamine in the back.
Um. just help yourself.
I'll-I'll bill you later.
You got a couple
of syringes. too?
Grab whatever you need. Jim.
One-stop shopping.
They say having a kid
is the most vulnerable thing
you can do.
I hate being vulnerable.
Get a Bud?
Thanks.
Hey. Frankie.
Just give me another one.
Are you Miles?
Who's asking?
Heard you might know
where to get some blues.
What are you in the market for?
How many you got?
Follow me outside.
Hang back a sec.
Sometimes
you have to say yes to drugs.
So. how much cash you carrying?
Shit.
Time for plan B.
The fuck was that?
Hey. stay away from my son!
Tell me that's
not the fucking guy!
Calm the fuck down!
Are you with me. Jim?
Yeah. I'm with you.
Hey. Follow us back
to the station.
Fucking seriously?
Fill out some paperwork.
We'll be done by lunch.
and you can get back home
to Harrison.
Protocol.
Right.
gentle piano
and orchestra music
I think I might head up
to the room and take a nap.
Actually. a massage sounds nice.
I wonder if this place
has a spa.
Oh. this is it.
"Finding patterns
in seemingly unrelated cases."
They do have a spa.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Miami Metro Homicide Captain
Angel Batista.
You coming. or what?
Two stars on Yelp.
Yeah. sure. Why not?
Perfect.
Thank you. everybody.
It's great to be here
in the Big Apple with you all.
It's a little colder
than what I'm used to. but...
Hey. Jim.
Really sorry about all this.
It's just a formality. Coffee?
No. thanks.
The worst coffee in Iron Lake.
You know what. Teddy.
I will take that cup of coffee.
actually.
Help yourself.
Are you aware
of the number of fatal ODs
this county has seen
in the last three months?
I want a lawyer.
18.
Last night would've been 19 if
I hadn't gotten there in time.
I said I want a lawyer.
And you're damn lucky I did.
Because that kid
was one of mine.
And if we had lost him.
I don't know if I would've
pulled his dad off of you
in that parking lot.
You can't say that.
That's against the law. that's
bias. that's intimidation.
You could lose
your badge for that. man.
How many of the 18 dead did you
personally sell pills to?
Because every one
I can link to you
will be a homicide charge.
I'm a vengeful dude. Miles.
What's it gonna be?
Damn. Logan.
Even I feel intimidated.
It's this guy named
Jasper Hodge.
He makes the pills himself.
Jim. Uh.
I-I'm sorry about all this.
I just need a record of you
coming down to the station.
then we can move on
from all of this.
It's fine. Really.
Well. Esther will get you
all taken care of. and then.
uh. you're free to go.
You good?
Yeah.
But someone named Jasper Hodge
won't be for much longer.
This is the last known address
for Jasper Hodge.
How long will it take
to get a warrant?
It's Saturday.
The D.A.'s closed.
so at least 12 hours.
Jim. I am so sorry
about Harrison.
I know you and Ange aren't
Facebook official or anything.
but to me. you're family.
Thanks. Esther.
It means the world.
suspenseful music
This is what you want. right?
Stop it.
Come take me.
Please.
That's not what this is about.
No!
Fuck.
The Bay Harbor Butcher
was a challenge
for a variety of reasons.
Oh. I did an episode
on this once.
They actually thought it was
a cop in the same department.
I mean. can you imagine?
Being right next to a
serial killer for. like. years
and having no idea?
I don't think so.
It's called Merry Fucking Kill.
Subscribe.
Available on all platforms.
What?
Molly.
...no clear connection
among the victims.
Then we discovered the link.
They had all committed crimes
they'd gotten away with.
Now. when you find a common
connection among missing people.
it may be that one person
is responsible
for all of their disappearances.
Hmm.
That actually kind of adds up.
Occam's razor.
Sometimes the simplest
explanation is the right one.
I think I will get that massage.
Okay. uh. we're gonna open
the floor now to.
uh. questions
for Captain Batista.
You're gonna miss me.
Who wants to go first?
low. pulsating music
Let him walk away.
Go home to Harrison.
Work on being a good dad.
Harrison almost died
because of this guy.
He doesn't get
to just walk away.
And I am a good dad!
I haven't seen you
like this before.
This isn't about the Code
or feeding your urges.
This is vengeance.
Yup.
Okay. remember
the Code. and do all this
before the Iron Lake PD
gets their act together.
Hell. I should kill this guy
just because of the wallpaper.
And...
proof.
You have a new side mission.
Side mission failed.
He likes to play games.
But I'm not here to play.
You're free to go. Chloe.
It's over.
Oh. my...
I said you can go.
Make me!
No! Aah!
Let me go! No!
No. please.
don't-don't hurt me. Please! No!
No! Please. please.
Run. bitch.
Come on.
Run. Go. or I will kill you.
Run. Run!
Fuck!
No.
No. no. This is not the way
it's supposed to happen. No!
No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. No. No. no.
You... you ruined everything.
slow. somber music
No. no. no. no. no.
Detective Batista.
Angela Bishop.
Police Chief in Iron Lake.
Iron Lake?
It's upstate.
Oh. Nice to meet you.
No bodies?
Just one backpack left
in a truck stop parking lot.
Parents calling.
looking for their daughters.
What's the pattern?
Women. 15 to 25.
Transients.
prostitutes. runaways.
People who wouldn't be missed
by law enforcement.
Not much of a pattern.
But I like your style.
Aggressive. almost... bossy.
I have a boyfriend.
Can he handle you?
He chops his own wood.
Right. That's cool.
So. a dozen women were last seen
within a few miles
of my small town.
I know nobody else gives a shit.
but my gut is telling me
it's not a goddamn coincidence.
When's the first time
you felt that?
The feeling
that something is off?
My best friend disappeared
when we were teenagers.
She just walked off
down the highway one day.
never came back.
Listen to your gut.
You find out the why.
you'll find out the who.
Another round?
Promise. purely platonic.
Wouldn't want to find myself
on the wrong end of an ax.
Yeah. sure.
Thank you.
You know. that...
that feeling you have?
It reminds me of another case
back in the day.
the Trinity Killer.
No one understood
how those deaths were related.
So how'd you guys crack it?
A young detective. Debra Morgan.
she always had
a gut feeling about it.
Never gave up.
So. maybe she could help us?
She died.
Real fucked-up situation.
Her brother. too.
Tragic. really.
He had a little son.
What was his name?
Ah. I...
Oh. yeah.
Harrison. Cute kid.
contemplative music
Who the fuck are you?
I don't know.
Your worst nightmare?
Or maybe you're mine.
What? No.
Let's just say.
you're a friend of a friend
of a friend of my son's.
It's nice to meet you. Jasper.
What? What?
What is happening?
What? What? What?
No. don't look away.
Those are
all people you killed.
You're fucking crazy.
I never killed anyone.
Wrong. They all died
because of drugs you gave them.
You might be right
about the first thing.
What are you gonna do to me?
No.
I think
you've lived long enough.
They come to me begging for it.
all right.
I'm not forcing it
down anyone's throats!
My son didn't come to you.
and he took one of those pills.
Well. he's a weak fucking
junkie like the rest of them.
You know.
what kind of dad are you anyway.
if your son was fucked-up enough
to do that?
You're a weak dad!
I am a great fucking dad.
Fucking Logan.
Hey.
Harrison?
What are you doing
all the way out here?
Headed out of town. for good.
Oh. really?
How about I buy you a hot meal
before you go
on your grand adventure?
Hmm? Deal?
What happened to your face?
Uh. it's a hunting accident.
I'll meet you inside.
There are always
sacrifices one has to make
as a parent.
No.
Especially the parent
of a teenager.
Shh. shh.
You don't always get
to do the things
you want the way you want.
But we can make
these small sacrifices
for the good of our children.
Hands up! Hands up!
Let me see your hands up!
All the way up!
Goddamn it.
After all. if we can't do that.
we don't deserve to be parents.
He checked out
at 11:30 last night.
There he is.
Matt Caldwell.
You're right. There he is.
All checked out.
Sorry to bother you
with this. sir.
Thanks so much for your time.
Just. uh...
For my records.
Thanks again.
Who the fuck was that?
Why would Kurt lie?
So. you have any money?
I thought you were getting this.
Not for the food.
For your new life.
Not really.
Oh.
Well. that's not really
a great plan. is it?
Hitchhiking to God-knows-where
with not a dollar to your name.
It's a dangerous world
out there. kid.
How do you think I got
to Iron Lake?
Oh.
Look. uh...
I know things
have been complicated
between you and your dad.
Hell. there were times with Matt
when I wanted to write him off
entirely.
And our fights were nothing
compared to the blowouts
I had with my old man.
Look. you don't have to do this.
Try and make it better.
What. what's happening
between us
has been going on
for a long time.
Hey. You know. I've been around
a little bit longer than you.
and I've seen a few things.
So I'm gonna give you
a little advice.
whether you like it or not.
Now. in those moments.
when all you see is red.
just go and do something kind
for the person
that's pissing you off.
Even if you don't want to.
especially if you don't want to.
Yeah. I think
we might be past that.
Ah. Well. take it or leave it.
Run as far
and as long as you want.
you can never outrun that rage.
Susan.
Yeah?
Could you. uh.
get me one of
those applications?
Well. you want a new life?
Start by getting
a fucking job. Here.
I'll give you one.
Why are you being so nice to me?
You must have
other places to be.
You got potential. kid.
I can see it.
Just pay it forward.
You're not mad?
No.
I'm just glad you're okay.
I mean. I know
what happened was scary.
Harrison's gonna be okay.
Scott's not in trouble.
I mean. any more than usual.
No one's gonna be mad at you.
You saved Harrison's life.
Whatever.
So. what's bothering you?
Harrison said something weird.
Right before he passed out.
Okay.
He said his dad's name
isn't Jim Lindsay.
Hey.
You hungry?
I'm good.
How was therapy?
You like the doctor?
Actually. it-it felt great
to talk to someone.
Well. that's great to hear.
I'm gonna go lie down.
Doctor said to get some rest.
Of course.
Are you sure you don't want
any dinner?
We think
we have it all figured out.
We think we can control things.
Fix them.
That we can keep life
moving forward
on the path we've chosen.
intriguing music
But all that's standing
between us and chaos
is a tiny. fragile thread.
Cut that thread.
and we're all
just falling into space.
"Ketamine" by Princess Goes
to the Butterfly Museum
I wanna feel
forever changing
But it's hard
when all this rearranging
Means I might be losing you
I wanna soar
through candy canyons
But it's hard
when my companion's thrashing
Kept from view
We're side by side
Just within reach
But worlds apart
I'm building castles
On the beach
You're tearing out
your heart